{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue117;\red254\green250\blue240;\red82\green0\blue83;
\red83\green85\blue3;\red16\green121\blue3;\red49\green49\blue49;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 <h2>\cf0 Mobile App FAQs\cf2 </h2>\cf0 \
\cf2 <h3>\cf0 Technical FAQs\cf2 </h3>\cf0 \
\cf2 <h4>\cf0 Why can\'92t I download and/or sign in to the mobile app?\cf2 </h4>\cf0 \
\cf2 <p>\cf0 Inability to download and/or sign in to the SigningDay mobile app can be attributed to several issues:\cf2 </p>\cf0 \
\cf2 <ul>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li><strong>\cf0 Cell phone software is out of date \'96\cf2 </strong>\cf0 App requires iOS 6.0 or later. Make sure your device software is updated with the latest available version.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li><strong>\cf0 SigningDay mobile app version is out of date \'96\cf2 </strong>\cf0  App is updated periodically with new features and bug fixes. Make sure you have the latest version of the SigningDay mobile app installed on your device.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
\cf2 </ul>\cf0 \
\cf2 <p>\cf0 Still having trouble? Try this:\cf2 </p>\cf0 \
\cf2 <ul>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 If your software is updated and you have downloaded the latest version of the SigningDay mobile app and problems persist, restart your device and attempt to download or sign in again.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 If the previous actions do not resolve the issue, delete the SigningDay mobile app from your device. Once you\'92ve deleted the app, attempt to download or sign in again.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
\cf2 </ul>\cf0 \
\cf2 <p>\cf0 Still not working? Contact the SigningDay staff at \cf2 <a\cf0  \cf4 href\cf5 =\cf6 "mailto:support@signingday.com"\cf2 >\cf0 support@signingday.com\cf2 </a>\cf0  for more help.\cf2 </p>\cf0 \
\cf2 <h3>\cf0 Getting Started FAQs\cf2 </h3>\cf0 \
\cf2 <h4>\cf0 How do I post content using the mobile app?\cf2 </h4>\cf0 \
\cf2 <p>\cf0 Users can post content such as status messages, photos and videos directly from the \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Activity Feed.\cf2 </strong></p>\cf0 \
\cf2 <ul>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 Post status messages by clicking \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Say something\cf2 </strong>\cf0  icon at the top of the Activity Feed. Write what\'92s on your mind then hit Post to share your thoughts with the SigningDay community.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 Post photos and videos by clicking the \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Post a Photo or Video\cf2 </strong>\cf0  icon at the top of the Activity Feed. Capture and share photos and videos instantly using the integrated camera.  Share existing photos and videos from your library. \cf2 </li>\cf0 \
\cf2 </ul>\cf0 \
\cf2 <p><strong>\cf0 Note \'96\cf2 </strong>\cf0  In order to share videos, a Wi-Fi connection needs to be established. Videos captured without a Wi-Fi connection can be saved to user\'92s library\cf2 </p>\cf0 \
\cf2 <h4>\cf0 How do I connect with users on the mobile app?\cf2 </h4>\cf0 \
\cf2 <p>\cf0 Follow other members, post to member\'92s Buzz Boards, direct message, comment and like content posted by other members.\cf2 </p>\cf0 \
\cf2 <ul>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 To follow a member, navigate to their page and select the grey SigningDay icon with the addition sign. This is displayed next to \'93Followers / Following\'94 display. When you successfully follow a user, the icon will become yellow and the addition sign will convert to a check.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 User has the ability to follow other members instantly on the mobile app. \cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 Users who follow each other have the ability to post directly to buzz boards, send direct messages, as well as comment and like content uploaded.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 To post on a member\'92s Buzz Board, navigate to their page and select the \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Post\cf2 </strong>\cf0  icon above the Buzz Board.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 To direct message a member, navigate to their page and select the \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Message\cf2 </strong>\cf0  icon above the Buzz Board.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 Can also direct message members by selecting the gray envelope icon at the top of the app display.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
\cf2 </ul>\cf0 \
\cf2 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf2 <h4>\cf0 As a player, can I edit my recruiting content using the mobile app?\cf2 </h4>\cf0 \
\cf2 <p>\cf0 Yes. Players have the ability to update their recruiting content instantly using the SigningDay mobile app.\cf2 </p>\cf0 \
\cf2 <ul>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 Add offers by clicking the \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Offers\cf2 </strong>\cf0  icon displayed on their profile page. Search and add new offers instantly as well as indicate a commitment to a college program.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 Edit top schools and interests by clicking the \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Top Schools\cf2 </strong>\cf0  icon displayed on the profile page. Rank and indicate interest in top schools.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
\cf2 </ul>\cf0 \
\cf2 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf2 <h4>\cf0 How can I find the users I\'92m most interested in?\cf2 </h4>\cf0 \
\cf2 <p><strong>\cf0 Navigation\cf2 </strong>\cf0  menu has categories for \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Players, Colleges and High Schools.\cf2 </strong>\cf0  Each section contains sorted lists of results.\cf2 </p>\cf0 \
\cf2 <ul>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 \
      \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Players\cf2 </strong>\cf0  landing page \'96 Displays a player list containing the top prospects in the current class in descending order by base score. Sort results by state, year, or position by clicking the white filter icon at the top right of the display.\
      \cf2 <ul>\cf0 \
         \cf2 <li>\cf0 Enter player name directly in the search field at the top of the prospects list if know and select Search.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
      \cf2 </ul>\cf0 \
   \cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 \
      \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Colleges\cf2 </strong>\cf0  landing page \'96 Displays top college recruiting classes by current year in descending order by total score. Sort by conference or recruiting class through the white filter icon at the top right of the display.\
      \cf2 <ul>\cf0 \
         \cf2 <li>\cf0 To find a specific school, enter college directly in the search field at the top of the list and select Search.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
      \cf2 </ul>\cf0 \
   \cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 \
      \cf2 <strong>\cf0 High Schools\cf2 </strong>\cf0  landing page \'96 Displays a list of top recruited high schools by total ranked prospects. Users have the ability to sort results by state.\
      \cf2 <ul>\cf0 \
         \cf2 <li>\cf0 To find a specific school, enter directly in the search field at the top of the list and select Search.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
      \cf2 </ul>\cf0 \
   \cf2 </li>\cf0 \
\cf2 </ul>\cf0 \
\cf2 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf2 <h4>\cf0 Can I edit my profile and sharing settings directly from the app?\cf2 </h4>\cf0 \
\cf2 <p>\cf0 Yes. Profile settings such as display name, bio info, privacy settings, and Facebook and Twitter content can be edited on the app. \cf2 </p>\cf0 \
\cf2 <ul>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li><strong>\cf0 Edit profile\cf2 </strong>\cf0  settings by selecting \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Settings\cf2 </strong>\cf0 from the main navigation page. Once inside Settings, select \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Edit profile\cf2 </strong>\cf0  and edit display name and bio info. To apply changes, select the green \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Submit\cf2 </strong>\cf0  icon.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
   \cf2 <li>\cf0 Edit \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Sharing settings\cf2 </strong>\cf0  by selecting \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Settings\cf2 </strong>\cf0  from the main navigation page. Once inside Settings, select \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Sharing settings\cf2 </strong>\cf0  and control sharing settings for Facebook and Twitter. To apply changes, select the green \cf2 <strong>\cf0 Submit\cf2 </strong>\cf0  icon.\cf2 </li>\cf0 \
\cf2 </ul>\cf0 \
\cf2 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf2 <p>\cf0 Still have questions? Contact the SigningDay staff at \cf2 <a\cf0  \cf4 href\cf5 =\cf6 "mailto:support@signingday.com"\cf2 >\cf0 support@signingday.com\cf2 </a>\cf0  for more help.\cf2 </p>\cf0 \
\cf2 </div>\cf7 \
}